Group and path s3 access (#122)
moj-analytical-services/platform_user_guidance: 03-amazon_s3.Rmd

*   Read/write
*   Admin -- this provides read/write access and allows the user to add and remove other users from the bucket's data access group

### Path specific access{#path-specific-access}

> Along with choosing the access level, you can also specify paths which the user should have access to by entering each path in a bucket as a new line in the `Paths` textarea field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as choosing an access level, you can also restrict a user's access to specific paths in a bucket by entering each path on a new line in the 'Paths' textarea field when adding the user to a data access group. For example:
```

    /folder-one/*
    /folder-two/*

> The above would give the user access to only `/folder-one` and `/folder-two` in the bucket and nothing else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This would give the user access to only `/folder-one` and `/folder-two` in the bucket and nothing else.
```

> If you leave this field blank then the access is for the whole bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you leave this field blank, the user will be able to access everything in the bucket.
```

1.  Type the user's GitHub username into the input field labelled __Grant access to this data to other users__.
2.  Select the user from the drop-down list.
3.  Select the required data access level.

> 4.  Either leave the `Paths` field blank or enter path specific access as described in \@ref(path-specific-access)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Either leave the 'Paths' field blank or enter a list of paths to provide restricted access, as described in \@ref(path-specific-access).
```

5.  Select __Grant access__.

To edit the access level of a user:

1.  Select __Edit access level__ next to the name of the user.
2.  Select required data access level.

> 3.  Either leave the `Paths` field blank or enter path specific access as described in \@ref(path-specific-access)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Either leave the 'Paths' field blank or enter a list of paths to provide restricted access, as described in \@ref(path-specific-access).
```
